Hello my friends and welcome to this new practical activity on this time Support Vector regression.
So have to start by telling you that the model we're about to implement will be slightly more advanced
than the models were built before but it's totally fine.
We will do it together and we will succeed 100 percent.
So why is it slightly more advanced.
Well that's because we will have to play a lot with feature scaling and I can tell you that after this
implementation of the as we are moral you will be a master in feature scaling because you will know
not only how to apply the feature scaling transformation but also how to apply the inverse transformation
you know to go back to the original scaling.
So you will know all the sap tools that say a feature scaling and you will handle them like a pro.
All right.
So if you're ready let's start.
And just before we go Inside the folder let us make sure here that we are all on the same page.
I gave you the link to this folder containing all the codes and data sets right before this tutorial
and an Oracle so make sure to connect to it.
And now we should all be on the same page and therefore we're going to go of course to Part 2 regression
and then of course to support vector regression as we are.
All right.
And as usual we're gonna start with Python so we're gonna go to that Python folder inside which will
find the same data set as before because you know I would like to compare the performance of different
regression models on this dataset which proved to have some non-linear relationships between the feature
which is the level you know the position level going from one to 10 and the salary going from 45000
to one million dollars per year.
So here again this is exactly the same scenario we want to train this time a support vector regression
moral to learn and understand the correlations between these position levels and these salaries and
to quickly reminded context we are hiring a new person who is expecting a 160 K salary justifying this
by the fact that this person earned a 160 K salary in the previous company.
This data is exactly the data of the previous company you know with the different position levels from
business analyst to CEO and their corresponding salary.
And so not only we want to train a moral to learn these relationships but also we want to deploy this
model to predict the salary that this person had in this previous company knowing that indeed this person
was a region manager for a couple years and therefore is considered to have a position level of six
point five.
So that's the exact same scenario exact same data set into now.
Let us build the support vector regression model on this dataset to see if it performs better than the
previous model which showed great results.
The pulling them your regression model.
All right.
So let's do this.
Let's close this and let's open our Support Vector regression implementation either with Google laboratory
if you love it or was Jupiter notebook because indeed it is an IP y and B file.
All right so that's the whole implementation.
Let me quickly show you the structure of the implementation.
We're gonna start by importing the libraries as you rule then importing the dataset then applying feature
scaling.
So this is interesting this time we have to apply feature scaling because in the as we are moral there
is not this you know explicit equation of the dependent variable with respect to the features.
And mostly there are not those coefficients multiplying each of the features and therefore not compensating
with lower values for the features taking high values.
No.
This time the Support Vector regression model has an implicit equation of you know the dependent variable
with respect to the features.
So we don't have such coefficients and we will definitely have to apply features killing for this model.
So you see you start to understand when and when not to apply which is killing.
Well you know we don't have to apply feature scaling for linear regression models where you have indeed
those coefficients that can compensate with the high values of the features.
And so of course these include simple in our regression multiple in our regression and pulling them
all regression and you will see later on in of course many other models and for other models which usually
have an implicit equation you know an implicit relationship between the dependent variable Y and the
features X..
Well usually for these models we have to apply features killing all right then we will of course trained
as we are model on the whole dataset.
You know this time is the same.
We won't split the whole dataset into a training set in a test because we want to leverage the maximum
data to learn these correlations between those position levels and the salaries so we won't do that
split and we will directly train that as we are moral on the whole is it then after this training well
we'll have a smart as your model which therefore we're going to use to predict this new result and exactly
that salary of this position level of six point five.
And we will compare of course that prediction with the prediction of the pulling them your regression
model which I've kept here and then of course we will visualized as we are results in low resolution
and high resolution to see.
Of course the regression curve of the SVR model.
All right.
I'm sure you notice that I did not click on each of these contents.
Well I did that on purpose.
It's because I don't want to reveal the prediction.
You know the predicted salary by the SVR model.
I want us to save the surprise until you know we execute that cell to return that predicted salary.
All right.
Let's keep the suspense.
And now whenever you're ready let's create a copy of this file because this one is an read only mode
and therefore we want to create a copy in order to re implemented from scratch together and make sure
to focus because you know this will be quite more advanced than before.
So let's put that right here and there we go now.
Let's remove the sails and let's try not to look at the final results.
Right.
You just put your eyes around here you don't look at the results because let's try to keep the surprise
of the predicted salary up to the end up to the final execution of the code.
All right.
So let's remove all this and this as well this as well only the coattails right.
Please keep all the tech safe so that we can keep the well highlighted structure of this implementation.
All right.
And now really make sure to not look at the result you know the output of the code cell because that's
where you will see you know the final results.
All right.
I managed to do it.
I did not look at it even if of course I know the result but what I mean is that it was totally possible
not to look at it.
All right.
So that's the whole structure and now we're ready to start this implementation.
And so there you go.
I suggest that we really tackle in a flashlight.
I love seeing this.
I know but we will tackle in one second that data repricing phase except that part because that part
is actually not that direct.
You know there are gonna be some things to explain.
All right so let's do this.
Let's start by empowering the libraries and of course to do this.
We're going to use our data pricing template.
I hope you have it prepared.
So there you go.
Let's first get this code to import the libraries in a new code cell base here.
Then we're going to import the data set and actually to do this we'll get our polynomial regression
implementation because you know this the exact same data set and we don't have to explain that again
because you perfectly know and understand now how this works.
Right.
And well that's the thing I wanted to do in one second.
Now we're going to quickly upload the dataset in order to you know execute the cell after this one of
course.
So now it's connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing and in a second we should be able to see
the upload button.
Perfect.
So upload and then as usual we're going to go into our machine learning it is that folder I like to
put it on my desktop.
But find it wherever you put it on your computer then part two regression then support vector regression
and python.
And there you go.
That's the data set open and it will be uploaded inside the notebook.
Perfect.
All right then we're going to execute these two cells.
And this one as well.
All right.
And perfect.
Now we have the dataset and now we're going to step here for this material and we will tackle this next
step.
Feature scaling in the next one and make sure to be prepared and ready to tackle this because we'll
have a few things to do.
It's not difficult but just make sure to be focused for that next material because I'm going to explain
a new situation where you have to apply feature scaling in a certain way.
So I'll see you in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy machine learning.